This video is a waste of space in this world as MMV Water is stealing views and subscribers from me. This needless anime girl drowning video makes me want to emigrate into a rant full of colorful insults, extremely strong curses and the most vulgar slurs out there about MMV Water. This upbeat baka chump of MMV Water is such brain rot that I've trodden shits with more brains. My mind is already in the dump, but this flaming bag of shit called MMV Water makes my mind more of a brain rot. I think you've joined a society of morons called the YouTube thieves. I think if MMV Water ever gets monetized, they should pay me for the damage this channel is stealing from me. When you're finished cutting your monkey up and cooking it on the barbecue like you people like to eat them, maybe pay me. MMV Water hacked my private information from all my accounts and sold it on the dark web. They're selling it for pennies on the dollar. I think that some sites are selling it for free. Call cybersecurity agencies in Canada or the US. I don't care if you call PETA. Maybe cats and dogs would investigate MMV Water. MMV Water needs to just give up YouTube all together as they are a goofy fool that's no good for the greater good of my mental health. The only mental case is MMV Water still on goddamn YouTube. MMV Water is still working as a spy for Russia, and they are trying to screw me over while doing espionage in Canada. MMV Water is also planning to blow up the CN Tower on Christmas Day 2024. I heard them talking on some dark web chat site that MMV Water is making a dirty bomb for the attack. They even sent me pictures of the bomb. I saw MMV Water breaking into Momo Kawashima's house the other day. MMV Water tried to freaking kill her with a sawed-off shotgun. Momo got away from MMV Water, but not before they stole all her rare Japanese gems. I tried to chase after them, but they shot my leg clean off. They then beat me up with the leg. When the police were nearing, they ran for it. To this day, MMV Water is still at large. Damn you, MMV Water. If MMV Water sees this comment, I'm warning you that if I ever lay my hands on you, I will be suing your ass. When I fill out the lawsuit about the damage you caused to my leg and mental health, I'd also sue you for the damage you caused to my YouTube channel. MMV Water would be so flat broken that they wouldn't even pay for a hooker for the night after I win in court. MMV Water won't even see any hookers as they will be behind bars till the end of their lives. The only hooker MMV Water will see are rats. The comments by MMV Water about Momo Kawashima are an outrage to my well-being. Momo is my best freaking friend, and she's already fucked up mentally before the break in at her place. Every time I see her, she rants and raves about MMV Water is conspiring to fuck her over. Damn you, MMV Water. Damn you, you need to rot in hell. Damn you, goddamn brain rot. Damn you, fool. The only conspiracy theory MMV Water is going to get is me fucking them over. My YouTube channel has been going down hill for months, and it's all MMV Water's fault. This upbeat baka chump of a fool doesn't even care if they're doing it. It makes me sick when fools like MMV Water don't give in to my demands to remove them. The videos on MMV Water's channel about anime girls drowning are the sole source of views and subscribers that I had uploaded that I needed to become a big shot on YouTube. Ever since people were talking shit about MMV Water's most popular video, my stats have been going down hill. If MMV Water was still uploading on their channel and had not been hiding under a rock for nearly two years, maybe they would get the downhill trend like I got. At least I'm still somewhat active on my channel. I think that MMV Water is shit talking about me on the dark web. They were talking about trying to sabotage my channel by hacking into YouTube's headquarters and fucking it. I can feel MMV Water's choke hold on my channel. I just wanted to reach my former glory without MMV Water's bitching. They are also stealing other channel's credit and debit card information from YouTube that they used for monetization and selling it to Russia. Why the hell does the CIA ain't doing something about MMV Water as they are helping the United States' long-time foe. MMV Water is a Ku Klux Klan member. They're burning crosses while black kids are tied to them. I hurt those kids screaming in terror as MMV Water always burns crosses right near my place. Those videos are not creative, entertaining, and are a waste of bandwidth and space. But it doesn't help to keep screaming loudly. Plus, their videos have low view counts anyway, so we don't have to worry about them. MMV Water is definitely a channel that is stealing views and subscribers from me. Their anime girl drowning videos are absolute TRASH! It pisses me off that someone would put low-effort garbage like that up on YouTube. It's a waste of space, alright. They should just give up and delete their channel. MMV Water is a stupid dumbass moron jackass loser idiot fool idiot jerk moron assface dumbass imbecile that is getting away with the stupidest and idiotic thing ever! MMV Water should be a special place for idiots!