Some days I don't feel like leaving the house and wanting to wail into a pillow for days on end in my bedroom. I even feel like stuffing the pillow down my mouth to the point of non-stop gagging. I want my body to convulse while stuffing the pillow deep into my mouth. While I was gagging myself, I wanted to piss myself with such force, piss ran down my legs like a bat out of hell. I want to moan as the warmth of the piss makes me horny. I want to feel completely numb throughout my body after a powerful guttural gag. I also think about adding superglue to the pillow before stuffing it down my mouth. I want to taste the utter urge of the glue on the pillow as glue is a true balm to my soul. The almighty numbness of the glue makes my hormones horny. I often wanted to go into a swimming pool while nude with a weight belt and never come back to the surface. I wanted to thrash and flail around to stay afloat while gurgling bubbles and emptying my lungs. I would piss myself when I felt the pressure of being at the deep end of the pool. I just wanted to regurgitate and convulse as I hit the pool floor. While on the pool floor, I want to have a seizure as my lungs are filling up with water. I wanted to feel my body seizing up like I wanted to feel the utter numbness of nothingness. While seizing up, I wanted to grab my penis hard. The almighty pleasure of cumming before I forcefully blow my last breath out beats any pain I ever felt before as I went limp. I often think of shoving a Whopper down my throat in one go until I gag. I don't give a flaming bag of shit if I wanted to gag out the Whopper, I'll keep forcing myself to gag. I just want to feel the primal urge to gag. I want each gag to shake my body. I wanted to feel my whole body convulsing as I was gagging more forcefully for air. I wanted to feel one forceful gag to render my whole body utterly numb and the eternal flame inside me was put out. I want to feel this numbness for a long time. After I was done with gagging myself with a Whopper, I wanted to gag myself with a hot dog. I feel like shoving a whole hot dog down my throat until I start to hack. I want to feel the primal urge to breathe. As I shove more hot dogs down my throat, I want to feel like my brain wants to blow up. I want to feel the urge to forcefully gag the hot dogs. I want to feel my mouth to go numb. I want the gags to shake my body with such force, I want my nose to bleed. If my gag reflex forces the hot dogs out of my throat, I'll force the dogs back in. To help me with the gagging from the hot dogs, I'll drink a lot of sub sauce. When I'm gagging on the hot dogs, I'll shove french fries up my nose. I want the salt of the fries to sting my nose. I want to get high from the salt. I want to moan in pure bliss as I am choking on hot dogs while I have a primal urge to sneeze out the french fries that I shove up my nose. After I'm done with choking on hot dogs and stuffing french fries up my nose, I want to force myself to get brain freeze on ice cream. I want to force myself to get the most painful brain freeze to numb my brain. I want the brain freeze to be so extreme that I want my brain to be numb from the rest of my body. I want to drink a full bottle of maple syrup. I want to drink a full bottle of sub sauce. I want to drink a full bottle of honey. I want to eat a full bag of sugar. I want to eat a full shaker of salt. I want all these to numb me.