When I made my channel, Kevin Stewart, on February 24, 2015, I was a 14-year-old kid, before my 15th birthday, which was the 25th. I never thought that I was going to be some big name YouTuber. I uploaded 2 GTA 4 videos on February 24 and 28. After that, I didn't upload anything until I uploaded a video on July 13, 2016, of me recording myself playing GTA 5 on my PS3 on my iPad. After that, there was another gap until I uploaded a shit ton of videos on December 15, 2016, of random things students were doing at my former high school. From January 3, 2017, to September 6, I uploaded videos like videos from the Angry Grandpa channel, more of filming myself playing GTA 5 on my iPad, Gangster Vegas and some indie-type movie clips. After that, I didn't upload anything until January 10, 2021, when I uploaded Mountain Hymn Organ on that day. Between January 10 and November 9, I uploaded random things like more videos from the Angry Grandpa channel, silent movie-type videos of Angry Grandpa, three full anime episodes (which were copyright taken down) and a few custom Girls und Panzer intro. My first live stream was on June 20. The first few streams I did, I normally did nothing, flipped the bird at the camera while listening to music or played random video games. On September 19, 2021, I started doing live streams of missions in RDR 2. The mission of that first stream was Icarus and Friends. I typically do each mission on a different stream until The King's Son on October 3 of that year. On the 6th, I started playing GTA 5. As before, I streamed a mission on a stream. I finished each mission by December 3 of 2021. Later that same day, I started to play each mission of RDR 2 again at the start of the story, minus the missions that I had already streamed before until I finished every mission by February 20, 2022. Most of those live streams I did didn't get that many viewers as I wasn't that big of a YouTuber yet, as I only had 97 subscribers when I started my first RDR 2 stream. Everything changed when I uploaded my first anime girl drowning video on December 20, 2021. Since that day, my channel has been going uphill, and I uploaded more anime girls drowning videos in the following months. After the anime girl drowning video was uploaded and the following anime videos in the months that passed, my views and subscribers weren't gaining that fast as I like them. The first couple of weeks, I only got a few hundred views and none to a few subscribers a day. By February 2022, I was getting a few thousand views a day, but the same level of subscribers. But by November 2022, things were really getting beefy with tens of thousands of views a day and give or take 100 subscribers a day. From mid-November 2022 to early April 2023, I gained around 4.8 million views and around 8700 subscribers. On November 25, 2022, I got 65625 views, and, gained 214 subscribers on a single day on March 28, 2023. After April 7, 2023, things started to slow down back to the few thousand views a day and a few to no subscribers with even some days of negative gain. I had some days when I got an odd spike of over 20000 views here and there, but far and few between. I never came close to those peaks I had from November 2022 to April 2023. In the meantime, as I was uploading anime girl drowning videos, I started to live stream, playing MLB 20 when I played for the Toronto Blue Jays in Franchise Mode from February 20, 2022, to March 11 that same year. On March 13, I then started streaming WWE 2K22 until I got fed up with it by December 9, 2022. During the WWE 2K22 era, I also streamed many other video games, like War Thunder, GTA 4, Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy - The Definitive Edition, FIFA 14 to 15, Euro Truck Simulator, American Truck Simulator, Red Dead Redemption 2, Red Dead Online, The Sims Freeplay, SimCity BuildIt, Roblox, BeamNG.drive, Assassin's Creed Rogue, Driver: San Francisco, Driver: Parallel Lines, My Summer Car, Watch Dogs Legion and L.A. Noire. On October 11, 2022, I started to do my weekly Angry Grandpa reaction live streams. When I got 1000 subscribers on September 3, 2022, I signed up for monetization, but the application failed. I tried to sign up for the application again each month after that, but still failed. I uploaded around 78 anime girls drowning videos as of April 2, 2023, when I stopped uploading them, along with other uploads and live streaming on May 17 and May 7 of that year. On April 13, the Copyright Strike War started. Galithrania, on behalf of Reds MMD, copyrighted three of my anime girl drowning videos, in which one of them had nearly 2 million views. I said some not so nice things online to Galithrania and Reds MMD until April 19. But on May 17, I got another one of my anime girl drowning videos got copyright strike by another person. After that second copyright, I was on the verge of getting my channel terminated because I got 2 copyright strikes at that point. I decided to step down from my channel and stop uploading or live streaming after May 17. My hiatus didn't last long, as by June 2, when I started uploading videos again of AI-generated videos and stories, pre-recorded Angry Grandpa reactions, Mambo No. 5 with Michael De Santa singing it and a GTA 6 trailer with Attero Dominatus replacing Love Is A Long Road. All of this lasted until my latest upload on March 18, 2024. I also did 3 live streams during this time. On October 15, I did a Red Dead Redemption stream. On November 3, I did a scary reaction stream. On December 10, I did an Angry Grandpa tribute stream. By February 1, 2024, my channel was monetized after failing the monetization application ever since September 3, 2022. I was so happy about my monetization being approved. On February 2, I started doing my weekly Angry Grandpa reaction live streams again, since I paused the weekly streams on May 17, 2023. But things got worse on March 23, 2024, when my monetization was paused. After my monetization was paused on March 23, I halted my Angry Grandpa reaction live streams again on April 7. On April 17, I made a community post that I officially stopped uploading videos and live streams point-blank and taking an indefinite hiatus due to monetization issues, mental health issues, lack of motivation and other personal reasons. From mid-April leading up to the present day, I'm in an extremely dark place. I was thinking about evil things that would make Hitler blush. I was to the point of ending my life and deleting my channel once and for all many times. I think about the urge to kill myself and how life would go on without me and those dark thoughts of utter evil. Since mid-April, I haven't uploaded or gone live besides the one sleep cam live stream on May 26. I also made 7 community posts during this time between May 17 to June 23. I'm still using this channel every day, but just for watching videos and my favorite live streamers. I don't know when I'll come back, but I hope that it doesn't last for years. As of August 11, I was thinking of restarting my weekly Angry Grandpa reaction streams again, but Chrome is acting up to the point of YouTube not working. I don't want to do a live stream where I can't react to a video due to it not playing, and I started a profanity-filled rant that may cause my channel to get terminated. I think with the current state of YouTube, I think I made the right call to go into hiatus in mid-April of 2024. By August 15, Chrome was back to normal, but I said fuck it for streaming as Angry Grandpa reaction streams were getting repetitive. I think by the time I ended those streams in mid-April 2024, I had pretty much streamed most of the videos. I might do a pre-recorded reaction here or there if the main channel uploaded a new video. As of August 20, my views are going further downhill as my best video is now getting around 800 to 900 views now in the past 48 hours. Before, it got around 1500 to 2000 views. Believe it or not, the anime girl drowning videos helped my channel stay afloat even after the Copyright Strike War. Those videos now ain't the same in views post Copyright Strike War. The one thing I like to happen to me is getting recognized on the street by someone that has seen my channel. I don't mean getting a big name YouTuber recognition, but a normal hello or someone buying me a coffee here or there is fine. On August 29, my channel was at 16990 subscribers and was 10 away from reaching 17000. But when I woke up on the 30th, I was at 16979. That's the biggest drop I have had since October 2, 2022, when I lost 46 on that day. To add insult to injury, on the 31st I was at 16975 subscribers. That's another one of the latest run of things that is slowing my channel down. I don't know if YouTube is trying to fuck me over or what, but I don't like it. I know that I can be egocentric and self-centered about getting better views and subscribers because of my own greed in the past month. I'm ain't that egocentric, self-centered and greedy person, but a hard-working soul that is not fucking people over. As of September 5, 2024, my subscribers have been fluctuating between 16975 and 16982 since August 29. I don't know why this shit is happening, but I don't like it. Also, as of September 5, I don't know how many comments I got about uploading more anime girl drowning videos. Time after time, I comment back to tell them that I don't do that shit anymore due to the Copyright Strike War, but they still ask me to do it. This is why my mental health is shit, but these commenters are feeding that downward spiral further. As of September 20, my subscribers have been booming. On that day, I had 17107 subscribers. Now on October 15, I have 17528 subscribers. Since the 20th and now, my views are still low with a higher jump on the weekends. As of October 14, I uploaded a video called Ladder Truck in Action where my local fire department lifted my neighbor from her balcony due to a medical issue. That was the first video since I did a sleep cam stream on May 26. This video might be a one off as I'm still on hiatus with no plan of coming back full-time. As of November 12, 2024, my stats are really going down hill as views are as low as 3500 per day and got 19 subscribers since the 5th. Ever since I uploaded that video on October 15, my views have been slowly going down hill while my subscribers really have a nose dive. I think that my views and subscribers are also going down due to me insulting MMV Water that I made in their video comments with other YouTube channels by claiming that they were involved in various illegal activities, including copyright infringement, hacking, espionage and conspiracy to commit violence and theft, as well as other allegations that they compromised my personal information and collaborated with foreign adversaries all because they used to upload anime girl drowning videos. I often use bots to comment on their videos and I know that was morally wrong. I know that I have been doing this ever since the Copyright Strike War, but I regret that. On December 10, I uploaded a reaction video of ANGRY GRANDPA'S SLOPPY JOES in memory of him. I really missed going live, but I think that my mental health still ain't better. I thought about restarting my weekly Angry Grandpa live stream, but I feel that I reacted to most of his videos. I often think about doing collaborative or interactive streams, but I ain't even bothered doing this right now, because out of the 17777 subscribers, I only have 1 or 2 loyal subscribers and often with even fewer view counts in lives. At this time, I'm just going to put my feet up somewhere and watch the sunrise until the next time I feel like uploading anything on my channel. I noticed that between December 27, 2024, and January 2, 2025, my subscribers were fluctuating between 17831 and 17839. On February 8, 2025, I uploaded a video called Rants and Longings: A Mind in Turmoil where an AI voice conversation about my struggles with mental health, societal frustrations, and personal desires. The video talked about my intense feelings about technology and society, showcasing his emotional depth, strong language, connection and intimacy. Ever since I uploaded the video Rants and Longings: A Mind in Turmoil on February 8, my analytics have been slow, but surely going up. On that day, my channel views were 5513 and between then and the 21th it fluctuated between 4157 and 7921. My hours were 67.5 on the 8th and between then and the 21th it fluctuated between 56.7 to 111.1. My subscribers on the 8th were at 17971 and as of the 22nd it was at 18128. My lowest views were on February 12 of 4157 and the lowest hours were on February 9 of 56.7. My highest for both views and hours were the same day as February 21 at 7921 views and 111.1 hours. On February 25, I did a live stream called 2025 Kevin Stewart Birthday Bash from 2:30 in the afternoon until 4. During the stream, I opened my birthday cards and watched some Angry Grandpa videos. There were two different streams as the first one, 25 minutes in, was cut due to my electricity quickly going off and on.


As you might not have known, I have another YouTube channel called John Marston that I created on November 18, 2022. I didn't upload anything until January 3, 2023, when I uploaded an intro video that uses the AI voice of John Marston. Less than a month later, on the 24th, I uploaded another video called "YouTube Rant," where I ranted about YouTube spam channels. From that day on, I'd decided to make ranting videos that used John Marston's AI voice. Mostly I ranted about more YouTube spam channels. About a month and a bit before the Copyright Strike War, on February 24, 2023, I uploaded a video called "YouTube Thiefs," where I ranted about some channels stealing the anime girl drowning videos from my other channel, Kevin Stewart. Between February 24 and April 14, I ranted more about those thieves, from stating that they were KKK members, being spies from Russia and being child molesters that forced a 4-year-old kid to drink beer. I didn't stop until they did. After I lost the Copyright Strike War, I started ranting about other things like the United States, Canadian, North Korean, Russian, Australian, French, Italian, German, Brazilian, Indian, Chinese, British, Mexican, Filipino, Greek, New Zealand and Saudi Arabian governments, the world's governments have not taken enough to combat climate change and for not funding plastic recycling, the justice system, authority figures, politicians like Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un, Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau, Jagmeet Singh, Doug Ford, Rob Ford, John Tory, Thanksgiving, Christmas, Valentine's Day, Saint Patrick's Day, modern cars, electric vehicles, newer semi-trucks, Shinkansen, traffic, Tesla, Porsche, Volkswagen, Twitter, TikTok, Instagram, Meta, Nintendo, Elon Musk, Peter Nygård, Hulk Hogan, Cody Rhodes, Brock Lesnar, Vince McMahon, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Rhea Ripley, Logan Paul, Jake Paul, Gordon Ramsay, Dr, Phil, Taylor Swift, Jeff Bezos, Justin Bieber, Travis Kelce, Michael Green (The Kid Behind a Camera), Leviticus Cornwall, inconsiderate people and drivers, teenagers, cats, dogs, kiwi birds, communist, fascism, Nazism, Hamas, Netflix, Apple, Amazon, Bell Canada, Toronto Police, Toronto Transit Commission, Cruise (autonomous vehicle company), PlayStation Network, PlayStation Plus, McDonald's, Tim Hortons, Rockstar Games, Grand Theft Auto 5, War Thunder, Red Dead Redemption, opera music, K-Pop, J-Pop, vapes, The Big Bang Theory, Young Sheldon, The Simpsons, Dragon Ball Z, driving on highways, car thefts, road signs, X-Japan, U-Haul trucks, British Royal Guard, paper straws and wooden utensils, Tampa Bay Lightning, Kansas City Chiefs, soccer, self-service stores, smartphones, cryptocurrency, credit and debit cards, mobile phone payment, prepayments, cashless payments, online shopping, ordering food online, housing prices, Jif peanut butter, plant-based food, Impossible Whopper, YouTube for reasons like spam channels, age restrictions, terminations, copyright strikes, harassment, ad policies, monetization policies, notifications and certain channels like MMV Water, Maru.Meris.ch (Victoria), MMD UW, Reds MMD, and Galithrania, Australia for its history, wildlife, cuisine, particularly Vegemite, climate, people, and language, France for it's cowardly people, Italy, for its history, music, food, culture and historical figures like Benito Mussolini, Germany for its smells, Oktoberfest, German car brands, German food, historical figures like Adolf Hitler, Brazil for its forests, wildlife, potential dangers, and religious symbols, India for their population, cuisine, and cultural landmarks, China for its political system, population control policies, landmarks, and food, Canada for its healthcare system, music industry, and political leadership, the United Kingdom for its traditions and monarchy, the United States, for its political leaders, police forces, healthcare system, and certain states and cities, Mexico for its people, climate, history, currency and political leaders, the Philippines, for its heat, Jollibee, and historical events, Greece, for its history, cuisine, and landmarks, New Zealand, due to a negative experience with a kiwi bird and Saudi Arabia, for its oil, wealth distribution and extreme heat, Micah Bell and Dutch van der Linde. But on March 29, 2024, I uploaded a video called "John Marston's Future on YouTube," where I stated my real name of Kevin Stewart before talking about my mental health problems and winding down content for the time being. I stopped uploading videos after that video, but on April 14, I started uploading ranting videos again with 28 of them between then and June 20. I haven't uploaded anything after that video on the 20th until August 1. Since then, I haven't uploaded anything.


Not everyone knows that I have a third YouTube channel called Momo Kawashima. I created the channel on June 20, 2021, as I'm a pretty big fan of the anime Girls und Panzer and the character of the same name, but none of the videos were related to it. I uploaded a couple of few second videos on Saint Row the Third on the 24th. I didn't do anything until August 21, 2022, when I uploaded a video where I explained how to allow people to get free gifted channel memberships through a channel. The following day, I uploaded another video where I showed how to allow people to get free gifted channel memberships through a live stream. On October 6, I uploaded a video where I showed how to install a dialogue system mod in GTA 4. On October 11, I live streamed myself playing War Thunder. On December 31, I did a live stream of Red Dead Redemption 2. A few days later on January 3, 2023, I did another Red Dead Redemption 2 stream. On January 28, I uploaded a video of a news broadcast of Angry Grandpa's death. On March 21, I uploaded a DKRACK Burger King commercial. On April 23, I made a video where a tornado hit DKRACK's house. On May 16, I uploaded an AI video of Joe Biden mentioning my name. That same day, I uploaded another AI video of Barack Obama supporting DKRACK. On May 22, I uploaded an AI short where DKRACK is rambling about a tornado about to hit his house. The next day, I uploaded an AI video where DKRACK had an epic fart. On August 26, I uploaded an AI story about DKRACK being pranked about a tornado. On September 8, I uploaded two AI stories called The Garbage Juice Mishap and Momo Kawashima Smackdown. On October 10, I uploaded another AI story called The Puzzling Transformation. On October 12, I uploaded a video of Angry Grandpa where he's got a female voice. On December 18, I uploaded a remix of the GTA 6 trailer where the Red Dead Redemption 2 second trailer music was playing. Since December 18, 2023, I haven't uploaded anything, but I'm still active when DKRACK and his other channel, Diggin Dave, are live.